We made it.
Come on, y’all.
It’ll be good.
You’ll see.
Go out and meet her.
Thank you, Taysha.
Dustin?
OK, talk to me.
There’s nothing to talk about.
I know this whole move hasn’t been easy.
But it’s only temporary
until we’re able to get back on our feet.
It’s not just the move.
It’s everything.
It’s all upside down.
The good thing is, we’re not alone.
We have help,
and it’s the best kind of help
because it comes from Jehovah,
and he will never let you down.
But it’s up to you to give him a chance.
We’re in this together, OK?
Leah, we’re so happy
that you are all here with us.
Thanks, Mom.
I don’t know how long we’ll be here,
but we’ll try to help out as much as we can.
You stay with us as long as you need to.
Thanks, Dad.
I thought Taysha would be down by now.
She said she had a headache.
I’ll go check on her.
Leah.
Hey, Dad.
Is everything OK?
Oh, yeah.
Everything is fine.
You’re doing a wonderful job, you know.
Am I?
Ever since Scott left us, nothing has been right.
Leah, it’s not your fault.
Scott left Jehovah.
And now losing my job—
I’m trying so hard to be strong for the kids,
but, Dad, inside I . . .
You know, Leah,
the Scriptures are so encouraging
and helpful in situations like this.
Please read for me Psalm 27:14.
“Hope in Jehovah;
be courageous and strong of heart.
Yes, hope in Jehovah.”
I don’t feel very courageous, Dad.
But you can be, Leah, dear.
The key is in the first sentence of that verse:
“Hope in Jehovah.”
You see, meditating on our hope
enables us to build courage right now.
And with courage like that,
you’ll be able to meet any challenge.
You’ll see.
Taysha,
come taste this for me, please.
Mmm.
Smells good.
Mhm, that tastes good.
Thanks.
Maybe add just a little bit more cumin.
OK.
So any plans for this weekend?
Well, I’m going to get
an early start out in service
and then come home and finish my book.
Don’t you want to go out
with some friends and have some fun?
Yeah, that would be nice.
Well, what’s the matter?
Well, first you need friends.
Oh, this must be about my job interview.
I’ll be right back.
OK.
Ben?
Yes?
I need to talk to you.
Why hasn’t the congregation
taken more of an interest
in Leah and the kids?
It’s been two months.
We’ve invited people over to our home.
But it’s as you said,
it’s only been two months.
No, Ben, that’s not it.
When I was out in service this morning,
I heard that someone
invited the Campbells over.
They just moved here!
I know I’m being biased,
but I can’t think
of a sweeter girl than Taysha.
And the fact that she’s having
a hard time finding friends?
They’ve all been through so much!
It just hurts!
I expected more.
They’ve all been through so much!
It just hurts!
I expected more.
Well, you know what I think?
What?
That I’m completely overreacting
as a grandmother?
No, no.
You’re—
you’re a wonderful grandmother,
and you’re probably right.
But although we may feel justified,
we have to remember that the congregation
is made up of imperfect people,
and they’re doing the best they can.
I know that.
They’re going to have their failing moments,
but they’ll have their shining ones also
—like when you were sick years ago.
We both needed them,
and they were there for us.
It reminds me of what the psalmist said:
“Jehovah is my light and my salvation.”
And notice, he said: “Jehovah,” not people.
True.
OK, I’m going to try
and leave it in Jehovah’s hands.
I do trust Jehovah.
Now, that’s my Abby.
Hey, remember when we used to recount
three things every day that we were thankful for?
Why don’t we start doing that again?
OK, that sound like a good idea.
And I can already think of one thing
I’m thankful for today, and that’s you.
Here you go.
Here’s a plate for you.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
You know, we really appreciate
the both of you inviting us over.
It’s our pleasure.
We really love
having Leah and the kids with us.
Actually, we’ve been wanting
to do this for quite a while.
But we just haven’t had the chance until now.
We appreciate it.
Come on.
Thanks again, Grandpa,
for a fun service morning.
You have any plans for later?
Yeah, I’m meeting some friends later
at the movie theater.
Ah, have a good time.
Thanks.
Jamin, pass the popcorn.
Trade.
Give me that.
Hey, this looks kind of . . .
Doesn’t this bother you?
Don’t let it freak you out.
Look, I just think maybe we need to leave.
No way!
I’m not losing my money.
I really think we need to leave.
Hey, what’s going on?
Dustin is all freaked out because of this scene.
It’s just this scene.
Yeah, dude, just chill.
Hey, I’m trying to watch a movie.
Let’s cut the chit-chat.
I’m sorry.
Yeah, dude, just chill.
Hey, I’m trying to watch a movie.
Let’s cut the chit-chat.
I’m sorry.
Good morning, Sir.
My grandson and I
would like to share an encouraging . . .
Look, Jehovah’s Witnesses, right?
I’m going to save you some trouble.
I’m a professor.
And I’ve read some of your books,
but the science in them is really out-of-date.
Why do you people insist on writing
about things you don’t understand?
It is true, Sir,
that over time,
scientific research can become out-of-date.
But you know, there’s a book
that is never out-of-date,
the Bible.
Dustin, would you please read
Isaiah 40:22 for the gentleman?
“There is One who dwells
above the circle of the earth,
“and its inhabitants are like grasshoppers.
He is stretching out the heavens
like a fine gauze.”
Wow!
That ended so much better than I expected.
He was so intimidating.
It’s normal to feel that way, Dustin.
I’ve even had those feelings.
Even the apostles have had their moments.
I’d like to show you something.
It’s in Acts chapter 4.
Would you find that and read Acts 4:29?
Let’s see what the apostles prayed for.
“And now, Jehovah,
give attention to their threats,
and grant to your slaves
to keep speaking your word with all boldness.”
You see the point, Dustin?
Jehovah helped the apostles,
and he’s going to help us.
So we never ever have to feel
ashamed of the truth.
I’m out of here.
Dustin?
I’m not going back, Jamin.
Yeah, I know.
Me neither.
My mom’s going to come and pick me up.
You want a ride?
Yeah, sure.
All right.
Mom, dinner was very good, thank you.
You’re welcome.
You know, it really is good to see you all.
Five years is a long time.
It is.
When Dad told me you were coming,
I couldn’t wait to see you.
I have gifts.
Oh, it’s beautiful!
Thank you.
You’re welcome.
What?
This is the latest model!
Thanks, Uncle Jackson.
You’re welcome.
Wow, this is very . . .
. . . professional.
Professional.
I want you to come and work for me.
I don’t know what to say.
I just want to help.
So let me.
It’s entry-level, but with benefits and bonuses.
What are the hours?
Anything like yours?
Not as intense, but full-time
—weekends, evenings too.
But you’ll be able to save money,
buy a home.
Hmm.
I got a job for you too.
What?
You could even buy a car.
Wow.
And anytime you want to come
to the agency, it’s open.
We’ll make it a family business.
Nice.
This is work.
Excuse me.
Can you two help me with the dishes?
I could use the job, Dad.
Would it be so bad to work the extra hours?
I can’t make that decision for you.
Your brother loves you very much,
and he genuinely wants to help.
But as you know,
he never made the truth his own.
I know.
So you’ve got to figure out
if his offer is worth the cost.
Remember, extra hours
means extra association.
And Proverbs 13:20 says:
“The one walking with the wise
will become wise.”
Oh, yeah, I got you. All right.
Hey look, I have to go.
I’ll talk to you later.
Leah.
Jackson, I want to thank you
for offering to give me a job.
You got it.
I’ll set up an interview.
But I have to turn it down.
Dad talked to you, didn’t he?
This isn’t coming from Dad.
It’s coming from me.
I just can’t sacrifice
spiritual things for material ones.
I hope you can understand.
Jackson, I love you.
We all do.
And we want to see you
come back and visit us.
But please, for my sake,
don’t promote different goals
for the kids when you come.
I’m trying hard to help them
set spiritual priorities. OK?
All right.
It’s been a while,
but come on give me a hug.
You know I’m keeping the bag, right?
OK.
“Instruct me in your way, O Jehovah,
lead me in the path of uprightness
because of my foes.”
Good morning.
“Do not hand me over to my adversaries.”
Taysha!
You’re up early.
Yeah, they called and asked
if I could do a double shift today.
I see.
Grandpa, I’m sorry
you had to give up your office space for me.
Don’t be, Taysha.
Besides, this suits me better.
For me, being outside
makes personal study more enjoyable.
Well, I hope you enjoy
the rest of your day, and I’ll see you later.
Thanks, we’ll see you when you get back.
OK.
Oh, hey, I found you.
Oh, hey.
Yeah, I decided to take my break outside.
OK, cool. Well, when you get back,
Denise was looking for you.
OK, thanks.
I’m making this dressing,
but I think that it’s just missing something.
Can you try it?
Yeah, of course.
Mmm, maybe a little bit more lemon.
More lemon, OK.
Yeah.
Do you want me to help you?
Sure. OK.
Sweet.
Hey, can I borrow
some of your hot pepper flakes?
Yeah, sure.
Sorry.
It’s OK.
Sorry about that.
Coming out.
Coming in.
That’s my salad?
Yep.
All right, everybody.
I think that was the last plate.
Really?
Mhm-mhm.
All right, let’s clean up and get out of here.
Sounds good to me.
Hey, are you going to come with us?
Oh, thanks, Denise.
But, no, I don’t think so.
Come on.
Don’t say no again.
I’m sorry.
I have other plans.
Oh, you have other plans. Huh?
Oh, I get it.
You have a secret boyfriend or girlfriend.
Wait. What?
Come on.
Whatever you’re into, it’s all right with us.
Just let us in on it.
What’s the deal?
Whatever you’re into, it’s all right with us.
Just let us in on it.
What’s the deal?
“Moses must have felt inadequate
“and incapable.
“But God assured him
that he would not be alone.
‘I will prove to be with you,’ said Jehovah.”
Look, I don’t have a boyfriend or a girlfriend.
I have a Bible study.
I’m one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
and we volunteer our time
to help people learn about the Bible.
The Bible?
Come on.
That book is ancient.
It closes your mind to new ideas.
Actually, it doesn’t.
It gives people a wonderful hope for the future.
Well, I believe we make our own future.
I’m sorry you don’t feel the same.
Come on.
Let’s go.
Bye.
So I told them
I was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
I’m just glad they know now.
We’re so proud of you for standing up like that.
Yeah, I surprised myself.
I just wish it ended a little bit better.
No matter the response,
you made Jehovah happy today.
Thanks, Grandpa.
Hey.
Uh, the other day, you said something about
—that you do Bible studies.
And it reminded me of something
my mom and I
used to do together before she died.
She would read the Bible to me before bed.
So I was wondering
if you would show me
what you show other people?
Of course.
I’m really sorry to hear that about your mom.
Did you know that the Bible
actually gives us a hope for a resurrection?
It’s here.
Next, we have Brother Ben Matthews with us.
Brother Matthews,
you’ve been able to raise a family,
serve as an elder,
and pioneer for many years.
What a good example of faith and courage!
Thank you, Brother Nicoletti.
But truthfully,
courage isn’t something that comes easy to me.
I have to keep working on it.
Why is that?
Well, I remember years ago
when my wife, Abby, became very ill.
She was in the hospital for months
while I cared for our newborn son
and young daughter.
I didn’t know if she would ever recover.
I prayed and prayed,
and it appeared as if nothing changed.
I could feel my faith
beginning to crack and give way to doubt.
I even started doubting
Jehovah’s promises for the future.
So, what changed that?
A friend stepped in at the right time.
He encouraged me
when I was home alone to read David’s words
at Psalm 27.
At first, I didn’t want to.
But eventually I did,
and something about those words
touched my heart.
You see, like a plant deprived of water,
I was starving my faith.
So I kept reading and meditating
on those words in Psalm 27,
and eventually my doubts began to melt away.
But as you mentioned, Brother Matthews,
that was decades ago.
But you said courage is something
that you’re continuing to work on.
Well, for much of my life
I’ve had to help other people be courageous.
But recently,
I found out that soon I will go blind.
Between this and not being able to do
as much in the congregation as I used to,
well, I could feel those doubts creeping up again.
I think it’s easier to help others
be courageous.
You’ll be able to meet any challenge.
“Jehovah is my light and my salvation.”
Jehovah helped the apostles,
and he’s going to help us.
No matter the response,
you made Jehovah happy today.
It’s harder to be courageous for yourself.
We empathize with you, Brother Matthews.
Can you tell us
what you’re doing right now to build courage?
Absolutely.
Here’s my prescription:
regular prayer and study,
application of the Bible’s guidance,
attending as many meetings as I can,
and, of course,
preaching to others about our hope.
That’s a very good prescription.
Is there a particular scripture
that has meaning for you right now?
Right now, it’s Hebrews 11:6.
It says: “Moreover,
“without faith it is impossible
“to please God well,
“for whoever approaches God
“must believe that he is
“and that he becomes the rewarder
of those earnestly seeking him.”
So even if I lose my eyesight,
Brother Nicoletti, I will continue to seek Jehovah
with my family
and my eyes of faith.
Thank you, Brother Matthews,
for being such a good example of courage!